# Ethereum-Price-Prediction
In this project we are going to investigate the price movements of Ether considering a wide range of variables applying Deep-Learning Methods

Cryptocurrencies are innovative payment systems that operate mostly based on decentralized digital ledgers using blockchain technology. Nowadays, they can be considered as widely accepted alternative currencies which getting the ability to perform most financial transactions. As a result, trading in this market seems to be attractive by many people and financial firms as a profitable investment. However, one of the main characteristics of this growing financial market is high volatility and sharp price fluctuations. Therefore, developing an accurate and trustable model to forecast the market behavior is critical for portfolio management and optimized trading. During recent years, forecasting of cryptocurrency market is generally seen as one of the most interesting and also challenging prediction problems due to the huge number of unpredictable and uncertain factors leading in intricate time-based dependencies.

In this research we are going to investigate Ether market, the cryptocurrency built on the open source network of Ethereum, with the second highest market capitalization and one of the most promising cryptocurrencies. The main aim is to obtain a comprehensive model which is able to explain the current market movements and to forecast the future behavior of Ether price. Clearly, the expected methodology can be extended for other similar assets as well. One of the main innovations of this study is the adoption of cryptocurrency technical information, macro-economical and financial indicators and even the effects of social media on the price mechanism. Finding effective features and the way they are correlated to the price movements will be the most important issues in this study. 

##
In this Project you can find the scripts written in jupyter notebook and also the final report of findings. 
